New command plugin:rollback (#376)
octobercms/docs: console-commands.md

    php artisan plugin:refresh AuthorName.PluginName

<a name="plugin-rollback-command"></a>
### Rollback plugin

> `plugin:rollback` - Restore a plugin version to a previously defined state. The second parameter version is optional, if in the past, it returns to a version informed, if not passed, back to the initial version of the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`plugin:rollback` - Rollback the specified plugin's migrations. The second parameter is optional, if specified the rollback process will stop at the specified version.
```
